Úúúú
Bam ba baraba ba ba
Yea!
Yea.
Yeah...
I've been tryna
Yeah!!
Já
Yeah!
I've been tryna call
I've been on my phone for long d'enough
Maybe you can show me how to love
Maybe
I'm going through withdrawals
You don't even know how to much
You can turn me on with just a touch
Baby
I look around and
Sin City's cold and empty
AH!
No one's around to judge me
I can see clearly
OH
When I- (unintelligible) oh, oh
And I say
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHH
I'm blinded by the lights
No,
I can't until
All your field your touch(?)
I say
OHHHHHHHHHHHH
I'm running out of time?
'Cause I can see the s-
Nei, ég ruglaðist
Ókei
AAAAAAAAAAAA
A- A- A-
Ó- ó já
Hva- hva- hvar næst- hvar á ég að byrja?
Hvar á ég að byrja?
Hv--
Ok, ok
I'm running out of time
'Cause I can see the sun light up the sky
So I hit the road in overdrive
Baby
Oh!
The city's cold
The city's cold and empty
Ahh!!
No one's around to judge me
I can see-ly-clearly you're-that you're gone
Oh, oh
Uh-ah-
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHH
I'm blinded by the lights
No,
I can't sleep ouaAhaeHEgH-'til I feel your touch
AaAaAh
OHHHHHHHHHHHH
I'm drowning in the night
Oh, when I'm like this, you're the one I trust
Imawalki-bout to let you know,
Aghk-see it on the phone
I'll never let you know,
THIS
TIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIME
I say
UUUHHHHHHH
I'm blinded by the lights
Uaaoh-- I can't sleep thun
'til you feel your touch
Hey!
I said
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHH
I'm blinded by the lights
No,
I can't feel your touch
No-I will feel your touch
And I say,
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHH
I'm blinded--
Nei..
Hvar- hvar var ég
touch
Hey!
Oh...
Yes.
Ó, takk fyrir, ég er svokallaður listamaður